<html py:extends="master.xhtml" py:strip="True">
    <head py:block="head" py:strip="True">
        <title py:block="master_title">Welcome to the Migrant Volunteer Coordinating Assistant</title>
    </head>

    <body py:block="body" py:strip="True">
      <div class="row">
        <div class="col-md-8">
          <div class="jumbotron">
            <h1>Welcome to the Migrant Volunteer Coordinating Assistant</h1>
		<div py:if="request.identity">
			<p>
			You are already registered and logged in. Please go to your
			<a href="/volunteer_info">volunteer information</a> page and
			use the 
			</p>
		</div><div py:else="">
		    <p>You can <a href="/add_volunteer_start">register as a new volunteer</a> and then
		    tell us which days and times during the week you are available to help.</p>
		    <p>If you are already registered, you can <a href="/login?came_from=/volunteer_info">log in</a>
		    to see your profile and any events you may be able to help with. We often need volunteers
		    to
		    <ul>
			<li>Drive migrants to the airport or bus station from local hotels and shelters.</li>
			<li>Provide interpreter services for other volunteers and migrants (almost always
				English/Spanish).</li>
			<li>Help prepare or serve meals for our local migrant population.</li>
		    </ul>
		    </p>
		    <p>If you are an administrator, you can <a href="login?came_from=/events">log in</a>
		    to create new events and send text or email alerts to volunteers who have
		    availability at the appropriate times. You can also check the status of upcoming
		    events and verify whether enough volunteers are available, and find the information
		    needed to manually call, text, or email volunteers if needed.</p>
		</div>
          </div>
        </div>
	<em class="pull-right small"> Copyright (c) 2019, Joseph Knapka. Built using
		<a href="https://www.turbogears.org">TurboGears</a></em>
      </div>
    </body>
</html>
